Document the use of another main branch name (#128)
symfonycorp/symfony-cloud-docs: troubleshooting.rst

If you already created a custom page, check that all your files are commited,
that you ran ``symfony deploy`` and it succeeded.

.. _rename-master:

I want to rename the default (``master``) branch
------------------------------------------------

Being able to rename the default branch on SymfonyCloud has many technical
implications on the infrastructure that makes impossible for us to support this

> use case it at the moment. Work is currently being done to support this in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use case at the moment. Work is currently being done to support this in the
```

> use case it at the moment. Work is currently being done to support this in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use case it at the moment. Work is currently in progress to support this in the
```

Author: Manually commited
